Which neuroendocrine tumors are associated with specific tumor syndromes?
List signaling molecules (ligands) that interact with the receptor EGFR?
In which types of DNA repair is the UvrAB complex involved?
What is the treatment of acute myocarditis?
Is the H3K4me3 histone mark related to transcriptional initiation or elongation?
Which anticancer drugs target human topoisomerase II?
What are the reported adverse effects of gabapentin used in children?
List human diseases involving genomic imprinting.
Rindopepimut is an analog of which growth factor?
Which is the major phytoalexin in alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.)?
What are the symptoms of abacavir hypersensitivity?
Which are the mammalian orthologs of Drosophila Yki?
Which genes are implicated in short QT syndrome?
Which are the synonyms of prostate-specific antigen?
In which diseases have electronic patient diaries been applied ?
The antibodies MK-3475 and CT-011 have shown promising results in treating malignancies. Which protein are they targeting?
Which receptors are targeted by suvorexant?
What are the computational tools for the prediction of beta-barrel transmembrane proteins?
Against which organisms has reverse vaccinology been used?
List clinical trials for prevention of sarcopenia
Which are the best treatment options to treat Helicobacter pylori?
What is the target protein of the drug Idelalisib?
Is APOBEC3B protein predominantly cytoplasmic or nuclear?
Which gene(s) should be genotyped in order to prescribe the drug Cetuximab (anti-EGFR)?
What is the incidence of sudden cardiac death among young athletes?
Which genes code for the alpha subunit of the DNA polymerase III in most Firmicutes?
Which gene is associated with Muenke syndrome?
Where is the histone variant CENPA preferentially localized?
Which enzyme is inhibited by Orteronel?
Which heat shock protein is found to be upregulated during Hsp90 inhibition?
Which are the clinical characteristics of isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy?
Which is the cellular target of gefitinib?
How many genes outside of the MHC locus have been genetically associated to Rheumatoid Arthritis through GWAS?
What is generic name of drug Adempas?
Which are the Chompret criteria for Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
What is the major adverse effect of adriamycin(doxorubicin)?
Which species may be used for the biotechnological production of itaconic acid?
List adenosine A2A receptor antagonists that are used for Parkinson's disease treatment.
Which gene is most commonly associated with severe congenital and cyclic neutropenia?
List FDA approved treatments for androgenetic allopecia
How is bladder wall thickness measured?
Which are the supplemental antioxidant in athletes?
List tele monitoring applications of miniaturised sensors
Which drugs are included in the FEC-75 regimen?
What is the number of long non coding RNAs in the human genome
List markers for autophagy.
List bacteria that may be useful in uranium bioremediation.
Which genes are regulated by TRalpha2 in the heart?
Which genes have been found mutated in Gray platelet syndrome patients?
Which genes have been proposed as potential candidates for gene therapy of heart failure?
List the components of a Replisome Progression Complex (RPC).
Which genes have been found to be associated with restless leg syndrome
Which disease of the central nervous system is characterized by the presence of Lewy bodies?
Which deiodinase is known to be present in liver?
Which deiodinases are best known to be present in brain?
Which protein phosphatase has been found to interact with the heat shock protein, HSP20?
Which SWI/SNF protein complex subunit has been demonstrated to interact with the FANCA gene product?
Which are the drugs utilized for the burning mouth syndrome?
Which medication should be administered when managing patients with suspected acute opioid overdose?
Which compounds exist that are thyroid hormone analogs?
Which two catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) inhibitors can be used for treatment of Parkinson disease?
What is the average diameter of intermediate filaments?
Which assays can be used for detecting DNA fragmentation resulting from programmed cell death (apoptosis)?
Which gene is responsible for the development of the Mowat-Wilson syndrome?
Which are the clinical characteristics of Diamond-Blackfan anemia?
List anti-amyloid-beta monoclonal antibodies that have been investigated in clinical trials for treatment of Alzheimer disease.
List two chemotherapeutic agents that are used for treatment of Subependymal Giant Cell Astrocytoma
Which is the most prevalent form of arrhythmia worldwide?
Which are the clinical characteristics of Tuberous Sclerosis?
Which drugs have been found effective for the treatment of chordoma?
Which is the methyl donor of histone methyltransferases?
Which gene is involved in CADASIL?
What kind of enzyme is encoded by the proto-oncogene ABL1?
What are the indications for treatment with anti-hepcidin?
Which are the 3 basic transcription factors that have been used for the direct reprogramming of fibroblasts into cardiomyocytes or cardiomyocyte like-cells?
Which diseases is microRNA 132 (miR-132) implicated in?
Which are the genes responsible for Dyskeratosis Congenita?
From which tissue was the NCI-H520 cell-line derived?
What does mTOR stands for?
What is the most prominent sequence consensus for the polyadenylation site?
Which transcription factors are known as the four (4) "Yamanaka factors" that have been used to create induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs)?
Where is X-ray free electron laser used?
Which are the most under-represented oligonucleotides in higher eukaryote genomes?
Which proteins are related to the loss of cell-cell adhesion during EMT (epithelial-mesenchymal transition)?
Where can we find the protein lacritin?
By which methods can we evaluate the reliability of a phylogenetic tree?
The small molecule SEA0400 is an inhibitor of which ion antiporter/exchanger?
Which is the protein that is encoded by the gene GLT8D1?
How many selenoproteins are encoded in the human genome?
Which are the known human transmembrane nucleoporins?
Which diseases have been associated with the PTPN22 620W allele?
Which genes are involved in patient response to warfarin?
List the three most prevalent pathogenic species of Borrelia in Europe.
Which clotting factor is inhibited by betrixaban?
List available methods for transmembrane protein topology prediction.
What is the indication of Daonil (Glibenclamide)?
What is the name of Bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitor that can be used for treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia?
Which disease is included as an additional feature in the Goldberg-Shprintzen syndrome?
Which are the thyroid hormone analogs utilized in human studies?
Which is the causative agent of malaria?
Which are the enzymes involved in the addition of 7-methylguanosine in mRNA?
What disease in Loxapine prominently used for?
List protein gel staining methods visualizing the entire protein set.
What is the percentage of responders to tetrabenazine treatment for dystonia in children?
Which classes of endogenous retroelements are known to date?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 regulate in the heart?
Which is the E3 ubiquitin ligase which ubiquitinates IkB leading to its proteasomal degradation?
Where in a protein can a signal sequence be found?
Which are the Yamanaka factors?
Which myosin isozymes are located within the pericuticular necklace of the hair cell?
Which amino acid residue appears mutated in most of the cases reported with cadasil syndrome?
List BRAF inhibitors that have been tested in clinical trials for treatment of melanoma patients
Which is the gene mutated in type 1 neurofibromatosis?
Which human genes are more commonly related to craniosynostosis?
What genes are related to breast cancer?
Which value of nuchal translucency thickness is set as the threshold for high-risk for Down Syndrome?
Name five programs for transcript quantification from RNASeq experiments
In which kingdom do microsporidia belong, according to their current classification scheme?
What is the risk of developing acute myelogenous leukemia in Fanconi anemia?
How many tissue kallikrein genes are present in the human genome?
Which is the most common cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes?
How many and which are the different isoforms for the ryanodine receptor?
List three major features of the CCFDN syndrome.
List available databases containing information about conserved noncoding elements.
What are the known families of deadenylases?
What is the mode of inheritance of Marchesani syndrome?
Which genes were found to be methylated in bladder cancer cells?
Which are the characteristics of Andersen syndrome?
Which gene test can be used for the X-linked myotubular myopathy?
Which translocation is the hallmark of Ewing sarcoma?
How many TAp73 isoforms have been identified in humans?
Which methyl-CpG-binding protein when mutant becomes the hallmark for Rett syndrome?
In what proportion of children with heart failure has Enalapril been shown to be safe and effective?
Which are the major transcription factors regulating glycolysis in mammals?
What is the main component of the Lewy bodies?
What is the typical outer diameter of microtubules (tubulin heterodimers)?
Is the long non- coding RNA malat-1 up or downregulated in cancer?
Which trinucleotide repeat disorders are affecting the nervous system?
Which extra thyroid tissues have thyrotropin (TSH) receptors?
Which gene is mutated in a subtype of arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy known as Naxos disease?
Which mutation is associated with PLMS (periodic limb movements in sleep)?
What is the incidence of Edwards syndrom in the european population?
Which genes are more frequently affected by somatic mutations in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia
List common features of Shapiro syndrome
Which histone modifications are associated with constitutive heterochromatin?
How many different mutations have been associated with Muenke syndrome?
Which are the known inhibitors of the TPL2/MAP3K8 protein?
What is the mode of inheritance of Acromicric dysplasia?
How many genes are in the gene signature screened by MammaPrint?
List the main proteases used for sample digestion in proteomics.
Which are the mains risk factors of metabolic syndrome?
Inhibition of which transporter is the mechanism of action of drug Canagliflozin?
Intetumumab has been tested in clinical trials for treatment of which cancers?
What is the mode of inheritance of Romano Ward long QT syndrome?
Mutations in which gene determine response to both erlotinib and gefitinib?
Which residue of alpha-synuclein was found to be phosphorylated in Lewy bodies?
Which proteins are the different isoforms of the p38 MAP kinase?
How many clinical trials for off-label drugs in neonates are cited in the literature.
Which proteins have been identified as RET ligands?
What is an approximate number of CTCF binding sites in the human genome?
List receptors of the drug Cilengitide
How many disulfide bridges has the protein hepcidin got?
Which are the subunits of the IkB protein kinase (IKK)?
Which genes are thought to be involved in medulloblastoma development?
What are the names of anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody that is used for treatment of multiple sclerosis patients?
What is the generic name of Gliolan?
Which genes are known to be involved in Diamond-Blackfan anemia?
Which are the enzymes involved in the control of tubulin acetylation?
Do archaeal genomes contain one or multiple origins of replication?
What is the name of the stem loop present in the 3' end of genes encoding for selenoproteins?
What is the disease in which patients are sensitive to DNA crosslinking agents, presenting with a high frequency of chromosomal aberrations?
Which disease is caused by mutations in Calsequestrin 2 (CASQ2) gene?
List disorders that are caused by mutations in the mitochondrial MTND6 gene.
Which are the most abundant human lincRNA?
Which MAP kinase phosphorylates the transcription factor c-jun?
Which protein is the E3-ubiquitin ligase that targets the tumor suppressor p53 for proteasomal degradation?
Mutation of which gene is associated with Achondroplasia?
List GATA-1 interacting partners as discovered with the help of the biotinylation tagging approach.
Which are the main causes of fetal echogenic bowel?
List causative genes for autosomal recessive forms of monogenic Parkinson's disease
Which proteins participate in the formation of the Notch transcriptional activation complex?
What is the inheritance pattern of Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor beta1 regulate in the heart?
Which are the different members/isoforms of the Ras oncogenes?
List mouse models for autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Which are the DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferases inhibitors?
Which are the musculoskeletal manifestations of Marfan syndrome?
Which cell types are known to be driving Rheumatoid Arthritis?
Which intermediate filament (IF) protein can be used as a non-specific marker of the neuronal precursor cells of the subventricular zone?
Which are the APOBEC3 protein family members able to inhibit Vif-deficient HIV-1 replication?
Which are the available biomedical text mining tools for the detection of protein-protein interactions?
What are the breath test biomarkers of pulmonary tuberculosis
DX-88 is investigational name of which drug?
Which substances are dangerous to g6PD deficient individuals?
Which are the state-of-the-art computational tools for the prediction of gene fusion events?
Which are the most commonly reported pathological states associated with the formation of DNA G-quadruplexes?
What is the gene frequently mutated in Multiple endocrine neoplasia 2 (MEN2) and Hisrchsprung disease?
Which enzyme is inhibited by a drug fostamatinib?
Which are the major intramolecular phosphorylation sites of human Chk2 involved in cell cycle control?
List algorithms suitable for predicting protein complexes
Which are the major characteristics of cellular senescence?
Which is the neurodevelopmental disorder associated to mutations in the X- linked gene mecp2?
Which miRNAs could be used as potential biomarkers for epithelial ovarian cancer?
How can the expression of SerH3 immobilization antigen be regulated?
Are most driver gene mutations synonymous or non-synonymous?
Which signaling pathways have been associated with medulloblastoma formation and growth?
Which proteins act as factors that promote transcription-coupled repair in bacteria?
Which is the defective protein causing the lysosomal storage disease Fabry?
What are the current treatments for generalised anxiety disorder in teenagers?
Which gene mutations are responsible for isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy?
Which are the Atg8 homologs in human?
Which transcription factors (TFs) participate in the formation of the interferon-beta (IFN-b) enhanceosome?
Patients of which disease could be treated by utilizing knowledge obtained from experiments suppressing TDP-43 toxicity in yeast?
Which virus is Cidofovir (Vistide) indicated for?
What is the gene mutated in the Gaucher disease?
Which protein complexes contain mitofilin?
LY450139 is investigational name of which drug?
List drugs included in the DHAP-R chemotherapy regiment.
Which drugs are utilized to treat amiodarone-induced thyroitoxicosis?
List five applications of machine learning algorithms in medical diagnosis.
In what type(s) of plant organelles we can detect prolamellar bodies?
What are the generic versions of Viagra?
Magnetic beads has been used in numerous applications. List some coatings used.
Abnormalities in which chromosomes were linked to the Moyamoya disease?
How many genera comprise the Flaviviridae family?
What hand deformities do patients with Apert syndrome present with?
Which are the subtypes of Pfeiffer syndrome?
Which JAK (Janus kinase) inhibitor is approved for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis?
List interaction partners for the protein GATA1.
Which are the major phycobiliproteins present in cyanobacteria?
Intact macromolecular assemblies are analysed by advanced mass spectrometry. How large complexes (in molecular weight) have been studied?
which mutations of phospholamban gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Which is the E3 ubiquitin ligase of Hsp90?
What tyrosine kinase, involved in a Philadelphia- chromosome positive chronic myelogenous leukemia, is the target of Imatinib (Gleevec)?
List fish anti-freeze proteins.
Which proteins in the cerebro-spinal fluid can be used for early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease?
Which are the most frequent syndromes associated with inherited bone marrow failure?
Which mutations of phopspholamban have been found in patients with cardiomyopathy?
Which pituitary adenoma is common cause of infertility is women?
What is the mode of inheritance of Wilson's disease?
What are the computational methods for the prediction of beta-barrel transmembrane proteins?
Which is the most common disease attributed to malfunction or absence of primary cilia?
List all clinical trials of the polypill.
Which are the methods for in silico prediction of the origin of replication (ori) among bacteria?
Which are the families of mammalian DNA-(cytosine-5)-methyltransferases?
What is the mode of inheritance of long QT Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome?
Which is the most widely used anti-TNF drug?
Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome ?
What is the triple screening test performed during pregnancy measuring?
Which brain structures have been investigated as potential targets for deep brain stimulation of patients suffering from major depression?
Which proteins are the different members of the NF-kappaB family of transcription factors?
What type of DNA repair pathways is initiated by AlkA glycosylase?
Which deiodinases are present in skeletal muscle?
What is the sedimentation coefficient of the mammalian mitoribosome?
The drug JTV519 is derivative of which group of chemical compounds?
Which are the biotracers used for detection of Alzheimer's disease using PET?
Which are the major types of the motor speech disorder dysarthria?
Treatment of which disease was investigated in the MR CLEAN study?
Carbapenemase-producing gram-negative bacteria is a major health concern because their resistance to antibiotics. List the most frequent carbapenemases found in Enterobacteriaceae.
What is the mode of inheritance of Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD)?
Mutation of which gene is associated with McLeod syndrome?
In which isochores are Alu elements enriched?
Which deiodinase polymorphisms are implicated in arterial hypertension?
Which molecule is targeted by a monoclonal antibody Secukinumab?
What memory problems are reported in the " Gulf war syndrome"
Which hormone receptor function is altered in patients with Donohue syndrome?
Which drug is benserazide usually co-administered with?
Which thyroid hormone transporter is implicated in thyroid hormone resistance syndrome?
Which hormone concentrations are altered in patients with the Allan–Herndon–Dudley syndrome?
What are the main indications of lacosamide?
Which multiple kinase inhibitors are used in cancer therapy?
What are the major classes of retrotransposons active in the human genome?
Mutation of which gene is implicated in the familial isolated pituitary adenoma?
Name the factors required for selenoprotein synthesis in eukaryotes
Which is the phosphorylated residue in the promoter paused form of RNA polymerase II?
Which is the main target of the anti-arrhythmic activity of flecainide?
which are the risk factors for sudden cardiac death in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Which are the subunits of the transcription factor NF-kappaB in the canonical pathway activation?
Which is the execution time (complexity) of the Smith-Waterman algorithm for the alignment of two sequences
Which G protein is essential in the formation and function of lamellipodia?
Which receptor(s) recognize lysosomal hydrolases in trans-Golgi network (TGN)?
Which cellular processes are regulated by Nanog?
Which cell type has the protein Chromogranin A as marker?
Is the transcriptional regulator BACH1 an activator or a repressor?
What is the treatment of neuropathic pain in children?
What is the inheritance pattern of Apert syndrome?
Which are the different isoforms of the mammalian Notch receptor?
What is the inheritance pattern of Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT) caused by RYR2 mutations?
What are the mobile applications fields of use for patients ?
Where in the cell does the proteins S100A4 and p53 interact ?
To the ligand of which receptors does Denosumab (Prolia) bind?
How many genes does the human hoxD cluster contain?
Which are the main NMD factors in Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Against which protein is the antibody used for immonostaining of Lewy bodies raised?
Which glands are subject to attack by lymphocytes in Sjogren's syndrome?
Which protein has been found to interact with phospholamban (PLN) and is also an anti-apoptotic protein?
Which proteins constitute the methyl-directed mismatch repair system (MMR) in bacteria?
Which genes are affected in ROMANO-WARD syndrome?
Which disorders are associated to mutated Hepcidin (HAMP)?
Which diseases are associated with Alu element insertion?
Which is the receptor for substrates of Chaperone Mediated Autophagy?
Which are the cellular targets of imatinib mesylate?
List the diseases for which there are point-of-care breath tests
Which is the major symptom of the Doose syndrome?
List fluorescent reporter proteins.
What is the methyl donor of DNA (cytosine-5)-methyltransferases?
Which are the genes thought to be regulated by EWS/FLI?
Which are the bioinformatics tools for gene structure prediction?
Which drugs are utilized to treat eosinophilic esophagitis?
List genes that have been found mutated in CMT1A (Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1 A).
Which proteins cause cytoplasmic sequestration of NF-kB?
Which is the gene most commonly mutated in Tay-Sachs disease?
Which enzyme is involved in the maintenance of DNA (cytosine-5-)-methylation?
List medication interfering with purine metabolism that are used for treatment of T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?
Which are the main histone modifications associated with enhancers?
Which enzyme is targeted by the drug Imetelstat?
What are the structures formed when keratin molecules come together?
Where is the metaxin complex localized?
Which is the transcript responsible for X-chromosome inactivation?
Which antiepileptic drug is most strongly associated with spina bifida?
What is the gold standard treatment for Iatrogenic male incontinence?
A common problem in proteomics is the contamination of samples with exogenous proteins (often from other species). These proteins can be found in specific databases. List some contaminants.
Which bone protein is used in archaelogy for dating and species identification?
What disease is small bowel lymphoma commonly associated with
List programs suitable for pharmacophore modelling
List two common features of Tay syndrome.
Which molecule is targeted by a monoclonal antibody Mepolizumab?
List Parkin binding partners
How many different subtypes of thyroid cancer exist?
In which genomic positions is the histone variant macroH2A enriched?
What is the synonym of the lubag disease?
Which factors play a role in promoter proximal pausing of RNA polymerase II?
What types of DNA mutations are induced by 2-hydroxy-dATP (2-OH-dATP)?
What is the treatment of triiodothyronine toxicosis?
Which are the different proteins/isoforms encoded but the ASPH (aspartate beta-hydroxylase) gene in humans?
Which diseases can Oncotype DX be used for?
Which is the most typical peptide sequence responsible for retrieval of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) lumenal proteins from the Golgi apparatus?
What memory problems are reported in the " Gulf war syndrome"?
What are the effects of depleting protein km23-1 (DYNLRB1) in a cell?
List some ways to reverse Tau hyperphosphorylation in Tauopathies?
Which proteins compose the error prevention GO (8-oxo-G) system in Pseudomonas putida?
How much should be the duration of the QT interval in patients with short QT syndrome?
Which agents are included in the FLAMSA chemotherapy regimen?
PBT2 has been tested for which disorder?
List invertebrates where ultraconserved elements have been identified.
Which protein is the main inhibitor of protein phosphatase 1 (PP1)?
Which transcription factors are involved in E-cadherin repression during EMT?
Which disease is associated with the ectopic expression of the protein encoded by the gene DUX4?
Which is the human selenoprotein that contains several Se-Cys residues?
Which are the cardiac manifestations of Marfan syndrome?
Which type of lung cancer is the most strongly associated with Lambert-Eaton syndrome?
Which is the third subunit of the TSC1-TSC2 complex upstream of mTORC1?
Name the major classes of small non coding RNAs in mammalians?
Which is the vector of Louping ill virus?
What is the rate of survival after commotio cordis?
For the treatment of which conditions can atypical neuroleptic drugs be used?
Which is the main calcium binding protein of the sarcoplasmic reticulum?
List programs suitable for protein docking
Which microRNAs are involved in exercise adaptation?
List chromosomes that have been linked to Arnold Chiari syndrome in the literature.
Which calcium/calmodulin dependent protein phosphatase is involved in the activation of the family of NFAT transcription factors (Nuclear Factors of Activated T cells)?
Which proteins are involved in actin bundling and filopodia formation and function?
Which drugs may interfere thyroxine absorption?
Which are the most widely reported side-effects in the treatment of Crohn's disease?
What is being measured with an accelerometer in back pain patients
List symptoms of 4H leukodystrophy.
Which genetic defects are observed in Prader-Willi syndrome?
Which diseases are caused by mutations in Calsequestrin 2 (CASQ2) gene?
What is the inheritance pattern of Hunter disease or mucopolysaccharidosis II?
Which receptors can be evaluated with the [18F]altanserin?
How is active neurotoxin of Clostridium botulinum detected?
Mutations of which genes have been associated with Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT)?
Which proteins act as histone-like molecules in prokaryotes?
Which types of cancer can be recognized and treated by the use of immunotherapy?
What is the disorder in which mutations in U4atac snRNA are detected?
Which types of bacterial microflora are associated with the progression of peri-implantitis?
Which autophagy pathway is trigered by the KFERQ motif of cytosolic proteins?
Where in the cell do we find the protein Cep135?
List the existing methods for genetic manipulation of cells.
Approximately how many recombination hotspots have been found in the yeast genome?
Which gene fusion is the result of the "philadelphia translocation" or the "philadelphia chromosome" mutation?
Which medical diagnostic tests are used to test kidney function?
Which viruses are best known to cause myocarditis?
What is the effect induced by sympathetic nervous system on pupil size?
What histone variants play a role in the DNA damage reponse?
Which micro-RNAs have been associated in the pathogenesis of Rheumatoid Arthritis?
Matuzumab has been tested for treatment of which cancers?
Which variables are included in the SPAN-100 score?
Which gene has been found mutated in Gray platelet syndrome patients?
List scaffold proteins of the ERK signaling pathway.
Which is the histone residue methylated by MLL1?
Which are the different homologs or family members of the hedgehog proteins in mammals?
How are ultraconserved elements called when they form clusters?
which mutations of troponin C gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
The protein NONO forms heterodimers. With which proteins?
Which molecule is targeted by the drug Gevokizumab?
Is Rheumatoid Arthritis more common in men or women?
ROSIER scale is used for which disorder?
Which is the most known bacterium responsible for botulism (sausage-poisoning)?
Which is the process that Conserved noncoding elements mostly regulate?
Is cancer related to global DNA hypo or hypermethylation?
List all reported treatment options for anxiety in autism spectrum disorder.
What is the mode of inheritance of nemaline myopathy?
Which is the main regulatory molecule of SERCA2A function in the cardiac muscle?
Which proteins participate in the formation of the ryanodine receptor quaternary macromolecular complex?
How is myotonic dystrophy inherited?
The CXCR2 receptor is targeted in cancer. Name five antagonists.
List the components of mTOR Complex 2 (mTORC2).
How long, in kb (kilobases), is a "Long interspersed nuclear element"?
Which E3 ubiquitin ligase mediates the ubiquitination and degradation of the interferon receptor type 1 (IFNAR1)?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 regulate in the liver?
Which enzymes are involved in global genome nucleotide excision repair (GG-NER) in bacteria?
Which are the plant DNA (cytosine-5) methyltransferase families?
Which enzyme is targeted by Evolocumab?
Which protein kinases have been found to phosphorylate Phospholamban and affect its biological activity?
Which are currently available software tools for detecting rare codon clusters in coding sequences?
Which genes are regulated by MEF-2 in the heart?
Which are the clinical characteristics of TSC?
Which tumor suppressor is referred to as "the guardian of the genome"?
Which is the most abundant membrane protein on Earth?
What is the target of the drug Olaparib?
List the endoscopic diagnoses that have been reported in children with autism
In which condition was protein S100A7 originally identified?
List common symptoms of patients with the DOORS syndrome.
Which mutations of alpha-myosin heavy chain gene are implicated in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Which oncogenes are able to induce cellular senescence?
Neurostimulation of which nucleus is used for treatment of dystonia?
Which receptors are targeted by a drug Macitentan?
Which receptor is targeted by telcagepant?
List the diseases that can be treated using Vedolizumab.
Which dediodinases are present in kidney?
Which cyclin- dependent kinase inhibitor is regulated by Bmi-1?
What is the usual HER-2 status in breast cancer associated with Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
List disorders that have been associated to the polymorphism rs2535629.
Which mutations of SCN5A gene are implicated in Brugada syndrome?
Which drugs affect insulin resistance in obesity?
List components of the CRSP/Med complex.
What are the indications for hydrochlorothiazide?
Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome?
Mutation of which gene and which chromosome cause Neurofibromatosis type I?
What are the biological roles proposed for proteins containing the SPRY domain?
Which mitochondrial genes are regulated by thyroid hormone?
Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome
Is there a crystal structure of the full-length of the flaviviridae NS5(Methyltransferase - RNA depended RNA Polymerase) ?
Which fusion protein is involved in the development of Ewing sarcoma?
Which histone modifications are associated with Polycomb group (PcG) proteins?
Which sports have a risk for commotio cordis?
Which protein is affected by dusp8 activation?
Which drugs acting via bradykinin system are effective for treatment of ACE-inhibitor-induced angioedema?
What are the side effects of Nalmefene?
What is the number of protein coding genes in the human genome?
Which factors are considered in the ABCD2 score?
Which is the genetic defect causing Neurofibromatosis type 1?
Which are the main clinical features of Fanconi anemia?
Which hormone abnormalities are characteristic to Pendred syndrome?
Pridopidine has been tested for treatment of which disorder?
Which drug is considered as the first line treatment of fibromyalgia?
What are the indications for alteplase?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor beta1 regulate in the liver?
Which is the main calcium pump of the sarcoplasmic reticulum?
What disease is mirtazapine predominantly used for?
Which drug should be used as an antidote in benzodiazepine overdose?
What is the typical rash associated with gluten ?
What is the prevalence of short QT syndrome?
What is the localization of the protein encoded by the gene DNAJC11?
Which growth factors are known to be involved in the induction of EMT?
The protein neprilysin has an positive effect on Alzheimer disease, how can it be delivered to the brain?
Which protein is causing Netherton syndrome?
What type of enzyme is peroxiredoxin 2 (PRDX2)?
Which protein phosphatases have been found to dephosphorylate phospholamban?
What imaging modalities have been listed as method of choice to diagnose CSF leak?
Gene silencing can be achieved by RNA interference (RNAi) in eukaryotic organisms. What is the name of the analogous process in prokaryotic organisms?
Inhibition of which enzyme is mechanism of action of alisertib?
What is the Drosophila melanogaster Groucho protein?
Which are the inhibitors of histone methyltransferases?
Which is the RNA sequence of the canonical polyadenylation signal?
List all approved indications for Glivec
Which biomarker is widely used in the diagnosis of Ewing sarcoma?
Which are the newly identified DNA nucleases that can be used to treat thalassemia?
Which kinase is inhibited by the small molecule KN-93?
Which is the protein (antigen) targeted by anti-Vel antibodies in the Vel blood group?
List diseases where protein citrullination plays an important role.
Which genes are associated with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type I/II?
Which genes/proteins have been found to inhibit cyclin dependent kinase 4 (CDK4)?
What type of cancers and inherited diseases have been associated to mutations in the Notch pathway?
In which proteins is the chromodomain present?
List co-morbidities that may occur together with "Stiff man Syndrome"
Tumors of which three organs are classically associated with the multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 syndrome?
Proteomic analyses have revealed proteins associated with the triple-negative breast cancers. List some proposed proteins.
Which is the prevalence of cystic fibrosis in the human population?
What is the definitive treatment for low pressure headache?
Which hormone deficiency is implicated in the Costello syndrome ?
Which are the mutational hotspots of the human KRAS oncogene?
Which acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are used for treatment of myasthenia gravis?
What disease is Velcade (bortezomib) mainly used for?
Which is the most common type of pediatric cerebellar tumor?
Which is the molecular mechanism underlying K-ras alterations in carcinomas?
List non-surgical treatment modalities that are included in the Stupp protocol.
What are the major clinical Villefranche criteria for classic Ehlers-Danlos syndrome?
Which forms of cancer is the Tpl2 gene associated with?
What is the inheritance pattern of Li–Fraumeni syndrome?
What is SCENAR therapy used for?
What is the proportion of non canonical splice sites in the human genome?
Which is the molecular target of the immunosuppressant drug Rapamycin?
Which scales are recommended by the American Heart Association for depression screening in cardiovascular patients?
Which pathological conditions are caused by mutations in the CYLD gene?
Name five popular computer programs used to identify genes in genomic sequences
What is the characteristic feature of the Dyke-Davidoff-Masson syndrome.
Which gene is associated with the Mitchell-Riley syndrome?
List the off-label use of SSRIs
Which are the cardiac effects of thyronamines?